In this video I'm gonna show you how to get wireless network adapters working within Kelly Linux.
In this example I'll show you how to get a wireless network adapter running with Kelly within both virtual
box as well as a VMware Workstation Pro.
In this example I'm using an alpha network adapter but other network adapters are also supported.
Now there's a reason why you don't want to use the wireless bolting network adapters and a lot of laptops.
They don't support monitor mode.
They don't support injection only certain wireless network adapter support the injection of packets
onto a wireless network as well as the monitoring of wireless networks.
So you have to use specific chipsets in this example we're going to be using a wireless RTL 88 1 to
a new wireless chipset that supports 82 or eleven AC so much quicker wireless standard.
And it also supports injection of packets on to the wireless network.
I've put a list below this video of wireless network adapters that you can purchase you could use wireless
network adapters from Alpha or panda or teepee link as an example.
There are as always advantages and disadvantages to some of these network adapters.
I found that this wireless network adapter from Alpha works well for my needs.
Now I'm going to be covering quite a lot of topics in this video offensive security I've just released
at the time of this recording version 2019 got four of Kelly Linux so I want to show you how to get
this version working get it working within virtual box and get it working with a wireless network adapter
the same process for getting the wireless network adapter a place to VM workstation pro so at the end
of the video I'll show you that I've got this working in both virtual box as well as VM workstation
Pro.
Now without further ado let me show you how to get wireless working with Kelly Linux running with in
virtual box or VMware Workstation on a Windows 10 laptop.
Okay.
So the first thing is we need to download the latest release of Kelly Linux.
I'm gonna go to Kelly dot org I'm going to go to downloads download Kelly Linux.
I'm going to scroll down and in this example I'm going to be running Kelly as a virtual machine in a
virtual box.
So I'm gonna be using the 64 bit version of Kelly.
You could use VMware if you prefer.
I've been able to get this working in both VM workstation pro as well as a virtual box so you could
use either.
So again the Kelly Linux 64 bit virtual box overlay is available on the offensive security VM download
page.
So going to that page I'm going to select a virtual box and download the 64 bit version the overlays
now downloading.
The reason why I want to get the 64 bit
is my computer is running Windows 10 64 bit operating system.
It's an Intel I 7 processor with 8 gig of ram.
I've enabled nested virtualization in the bios of this computer so I can use the 64 bit version of Kelly
if you don't have nested virtualization support on your laptop you'll need to use the 32 bit version.
Use this link if you want to see how do you enable nested virtualization in the bios of your computer.
Now once you've downloaded the overlay you can import it into virtual box.
So in this example we can see that Kelly Linux 2019 not for virtual box HD 64 but V.A. has been downloaded
so what I can do now is start a virtual box.
So when I click on Oracle VM a virtual box.
Now I've previously imported an older release of Kelly Linux as well as a boon to 18 zebra 4 in this
example I'm gonna go to file import appliance.
I'm going to click choose a virtual appliance file to import.
I'm going to browse to my downloads directory select the overlay that I downloaded click open and click
Next a summary of the appliance settings is displayed.
I'm going to leave most of the settings at default.
So in this example I'm simply going to click import to import the appliance into virtual box so all
you need to do now is wait for the appliance to import.
Okay.
So as we can see the appliance has been imported before you start up a virtual machine in virtual box
of verify the settings.
Something to click on settings.
And notice we told that they are invalid settings detected.
We told that USP 2.0 3.0 is currently enabled for this virtual machine.
However this requires the Oracle virtual box extension pack to be installed.
Please install the extension pack from the virtual box download site or disable USP 2.0 3.0 before you
start the machine.
So if I go to US b I can either set the US b to version 1.0 one which means I don't need the extension
pack or I could use a USB 2.0 which is what the overlay has been configured to use but that requires
the extension pack on the virtual box website.
We told that the virtual box extension pack personal use and evaluation license governs your access
to and use of the virtual box extension pack.
It doesn't apply to the virtual box based package or its source code which is licensed under the new
General Public License a virtual box is open source software but the virtual box extension pack isn't.
This is closed source software or proprietary software.
So basically you can use it for personal use or as evaluation software but you can't use it permanently
for commercial use.
But make sure that you read the license carefully and if you want to use the software go to a virtual
box dot org.
Click on downloads and then download and install the extension pack.
Click on the all supported platforms link we told once again that this license is different to the open
source license that applies to virtual box.
Okay so my virtual box extension pack has downloaded.
I'll double click on the file and then I'll click install to install the extension pack within virtual
box.
We asked to read the license once again you need to accept that the extension Park has now been successfully
installed.
So now when I click on settings notice we no longer receive an error when using USB 2.0.
I no longer have to use USP one not one I can use 2.0 which is better and that's the setting that the
overlay used.
So now I can click start to startup Kelly Linux and as you can see it's now booting up
the interface looks very different to previous releases.
I'm going to log in as root and default positive t o r so root spelt backwards which is the default
for this virtual machine.
Again very different interface to the previous release.
I'm going to click on terminal to open up a terminal.
So here's my terminal the font is very small.
I mean a go to file preferences and what I'll do is change that font.
So make it 18 so that it's easier to read type.
I have config.
Notice we don't see anything but an Ethernet interface and a loop back.
Currently on this virtual machine so I now one installed adapters.
Now if I plug in my wireless adapter Windows has recognized it.
So if I go to control panel network an Internet network and sharing center change Adapter Settings I
now have this external network adapter but it's being managed by windows.
Notice USP network interface called.
So what I'll do here is shut down Kelly
and go to Settings go to USP and click plus.
And what I want to do now is get a virtual box to control this external network adapter so it's now
going to be used by the virtual machine rather than by windows and what I'll do now is start up virtual
box once again in windows we can see that the network adapter is no longer used by windows.
It's now being used by the virtual machine so log in is root I'll open up a terminal I config.
Notice we still only have an ethernet zero adapter and a loop back adapter even though this virtual
machine is controlling this wireless network adapter.
So what I'm going to do is essentially follow the instructions on the two thousand and seventeen dot
one release and use app to get update and apt install I'll use apt update to update references
and then at install and once again it's a real tech RTL adapter so real tech and all type arty tab to
order complete and press enter
software is now being downloaded and installed.
Now one thing I've noticed with this release running within virtual box is I get a lot of flicker on
the screen.
Not sure if you can see that but there's quite a bit of flicker when moving around from one window to
another but hopefully it's not affecting the video but you may encounter that when using this release
within a virtual machine on Windows 10.
Okay.
The installation has completed but notice I'm getting an error failed to attach a USP device real tech
ATO 2.0 11 and NEC to the virtual machine.
So what I'm going to do is unplug the USB connection and what I'll do now is plug it back in again.
And a type if config.
Notice I still don't have the wireless adapter showing within Kelly.
I'll unplug it again plug it back in so I'm having some errors at the moment.
So what I'll do is shut down Kelly and shut down virtual box and then I'll start it up again
and then boot up Kelly Linux again.
You may sometimes have these issues some of the logging as root gain open up a terminal window type
I have config and as you can see I still don't have my virtual card Sol unplug it and plug it back in
top.
I have config now so at the moment I'm having issues with USP version 2 even though I remove the USP
and plug it in virtual box is having an issue connecting that to the virtual machine.
So what I'm going to do is go back to USP version wanted one so I'll shut down the virtual machine go
to settings so what I'm going to do is go back to USP wandered 1 and click okay and then start up the
virtual machine
it's better to use USP 2.0 but I'm going to revert back to wondered one in this example because I'm
having issues with version 2.0
I'm going to log in with my username and password I'll remove the USP adapter plug it back in open up
a terminal type I have config no error at the moment but I'm not seeing the network adapter so what
I'm going to do now is revert back to a backup plan to get this working and to do that I'm going to
download additional software from GitHub So I'm to open up a web browser
and I'm gonna browse to get.
Dot com.
Go to a crack in G
and get to the driver for the chipset.
So I want to get this driver RTL 88 1 2 a U.
That's the driver that we downloaded originally using Kelly but I'm having issues with that driver so
I'm gonna click on clone or download and I'm going to download the zip file some downloading different
drivers from get hub on to my virtual machine and I'm gonna save those drivers to the local computer.
The software is downloaded.
I'm gonna go to file manager go to downloads.
I'm going to right click on that zip file and I'm going to click extract here the file contents has
now been extracted.
So in my terminal window I'm currently in my home directory.
Alice shows me that I have a downloads directory so I'll move to that.
So C.D. downloads Alice shows me the directory so I'll move to that directory and I'm now going to run
the script to install the software.
So Dottore period forward slash decay and mess install dot SDH You now simply need to wait for this
new driver to be installed.
It may take it a while so go and grab a coffee or something while you wait.
But as you can see there the boulders completed.
The driver has been installed.
I have config shows me that I still don't have a wireless network adapter but what I'm going to do here
is restart networking so restart networking so sys CTO will restart networking and I'm going to restart
network manager I have config noticed we still don't have that network adapter so what I'm going to
do is plug it back in again.
I have config not working I'll shut down Kelly again and restart it while wireless adapter is now associated
with Windows but what I'll do is restart the Kelly Linux virtual machine.
I log in once again as root.
Open up a terminal.
I have config it's taking it a while now.
That's a good sign.
So hopefully it's picked up my wireless network adapter and there you go.
Notice w when 0 is available within Kelly Linux running within a virtual box on my Windows 10 computer
OK.
So again I have config.
That's what we want to see.
But now we want to try and do something with this network adapter so I'm going to use a man and G check.
Kill this process has now been killed.
And we're gonna use AI w config w when zero mode monitor to set the mode to monitor.
I'll bring the interface up again so I have config w land 0 up.
I have conflict shows me my wireless LAN interface once again and lets use aero dump and G W. land zero
and notice we can now see wireless networks.
So as an example ABC one is my wireless network.
He has my windows computer connected to that wireless network using its built in wireless network adapter.
The USP wireless network adapter is no longer connected to Windows.
It's connected to my Linux virtual machine running within virtual box.
We can see as an example the B SS I.D. we can see the cipher used.
We can see that the authentication is preset key and we can see the actual SS I.D. name so I'll stop
that.
Let's run a replay in G.
Press enter you to spell that correctly.
Notice one of the options we have here is test injection so we can use minus nine if we prefer.
Or we can use test like this to test whether we can use wireless injection with that network card.
Notice injection is working to APIs have been found I've now shown you that I can successfully use this
external USP wireless network adapter within Kelly Linux running within virtual box on a Windows 10
laptop.
Once again I have config shows me that my wireless network adapter is available within Kelly Linux.
Now this is only the beginning.
I've shown you how to successfully connect an external wireless network adapter to Kelly Linux running
within virtual box.
I had multiple issues getting it working and I've shown you some work arounds including the fact that
in this example I had to revert back to using USP wandered 1.
You may have better luck using a USB 2.0.
So that being said actually let's shut down this virtual machine and let's change it to use USP too
and see if that works better this time round.
Now that I've installed drivers from GetUp
came virtual machines boot it up I'll log in.
Open up a terminal I have config that looks a lot better.
Notice I've got wireless LAN 0.
So look at my history I could as an example run command 38 aero dump and notice I'm able to discover
wireless networks once again.
In this example when using USP to dot 0 I'll cancel that and let's test whether injection works on this
wireless network adapter
notice injection is working on this wireless network adapter so try and use USB 2.0 if you have issues
then revert back to USP one that one now shut down.
This Kelly linux host I want to show you that you can do something very similar with VMware Workstation
pro Sol startup VMware Workstation Pro.
Here's my 2019 dot for Kelly linux host.
I'll power the host on so under VM removable devices.
This device has now been connected to this virtual machine so it's no longer connected to virtual box
because that VM is being turned off in my VM way a virtual machine I log in.
Here's my terminal.
I have config shows me that I have that wireless network adapter available within VMware Workstation
pro so I can find out my networks
and as you can see there I'm able to discover the same networks using them where workstation pro that
I was able to discover using virtual box VM where by default supports a USP too.
So the virtual machine is using USB 2 and VMware Workstation pro supports that by default.
My personal preference is to use VMware Workstation Pro.
However that's paid software so you may prefer using virtual box which is free now while we here.
Let me show you one of the cool options available in this release of Kelly Linux which is under cover
mode.
If you used two previous releases of Kelly you'll notice the interface is very different but I can by
simply selecting that option make my computer look like a Windows 10 host.
So here's my real Windows 10 and here's my so-called Windows 10 running within a virtual machine but
it's actually Kelly Linux.
So if I click on the web browser which looks like Internet Explorer it's actually going to run Firefox.
This is not Internet Explorer it's the Firefox bolt into Kelly.
So if I go to help as an example you can see that this is Firefox.
All the tools are available here so we have for instance snuffing and spoofing why a shock and this
looks very much like windows.
We have a Windows skin here including file explorer.
So applications like wire shock look like wire shock on windows and my file manager looks like windows
so going to downloads it looks like windows but it's actually Linux.
If you want to disable that open up a terminal terminal still looks like Linux and type Kelly undercover
and what you'll notice is my menu has changed.
I'm back to a Kelly shell rather than a Windows shell but I could simply type that command again and
what you'll notice is the start menu will change to a windows start menu.
So there you go.
I've shown you a lot of options in this video.
I'm David Bumble and I want to wish you all the very best.